like Risk:Legacy but played for horror

names: 'Sunnydale', 'Little Town of Horrors', 'State of Decay', 'Just The End Of
The World Again'

start with a couple dozen characters (kickstarter reward: be one of them. easy.)
they have one use powers, but seriously one use. rip them off the sheet when
used (and if you rip off other things by mistake? Tough.)
Different characters are different amounts of good. This is fine. The strong
will get worn down soon enough.

Faith meter: starts at different places for different characters, but every time
an active character sees a character die, or is around for losing the game, a
mark of faith gets permanently crossed out.
Faith does? protect against horror-check things, maybe a roll against faith to
determine whether the player takes a new character and helps out, or Joins The
Winning Team and plays against the other players (scenario-dependent?)

Scenarios: main card for each scenario has basic rules and references to other
things that should be opened and used given certain conditions. On the back is
art depicting the scenario in some way; the winners of the scenario get to keep
it -> if you betray after a low faith death, you have something to play for
-> lends itself to a 'you all win, but he wins the MOST' thing. sounds good, I
think.

buildings/rooms have useful functions, might get broken in the course of play.
can't be fixed in game time; if you lose, some won't get fixed at all. Also
probably mark how many times they've been damaged, and if it's too many, they
might stay broken even if you win

  airport: get a plane which can do scouting, can only stay up X turns, takes Y
  turns to land safely. If the airport is destroyed while someone is in the air,
  open the rules packet for it >:-D
    rules for the stranded plane: you can stay in the air until your fuel runs 
    out, but you can't land, only crash. When you run out of fuel or if you take
    a dive before that, you move up to one space and then crash into the square
    below, dealing large damage, or massive damage depending on remaining fuel,
    to everything there, and breaking the area. If the plane crashes, the
    airport is long-term broken (probably make a roll to get a new plane,
    irregularly).
  radio station: move other people, make no one ever have to deal with isolation
  penalties (which should be a thing); when damaged, there become more rules
  about what info can be shared freely

possible rule: some things will give you 'Quandaries' that let you hurt others
on your team and/or spend shared scarce resources, for some benefit. While
considering a Quandary, no one other than the person deciding may speak.

basic structure of challenges: find plot coupons, process of finding them
exposes you to dangerous things and you might find enemies instead of help.
challenge determines some things that are more dangerous than usual or more
necessary than usual.

Predator alien: deals massive damage unless evaded, might show up anywhere

Shoggoth: moves slowly but visibly, ridiculously healthy and hard to evade,
  moves toward a goal location to make it harder to banish

  Zombies: they're everywhere, must constantly fight them. everything else is
  pretty easy, you just have to fight zombies all the damn time

  Hallucinator: most things you need to gather, you make a roll at the end
  of your turn and if you fail they count toward an enemy victory condition
  instead of allies

  Cthulhu: you need to gather information from several places to defeat it, but
  gathering information degrades faith rapidly

  Vampire: gathering resources weakens the vampires, but anyone who dies joins the
  vampire's side (second and on players to die, if they make their faith roll,
      hand their character to the vampire players and get a new one.)

  Hellmouth: things are breaking quickly and plot coupons are scattered around the
  town. The more things are broken beforehand, the less time there is to win
  before time runs out. Characters can sacrifice themselves to dive into places and
  retrieve the important things.

  Aliens: ??? technology doesn't work ???

  Body snatchers: mafia mode, but mafia are not known to other mafia. Players put
  together de-snatchers, but they work one-on-one and if both were snatchers they
  stay evil.

  Sky Is Falling: go find some stuff, pure time limit but characters can panic.
  Unlike most others, if you lose everyone in the game dies and is permanently
  unusable.

crib from Betrayal and Arkham to find more scenarios
