http://www.enworld.org/forum/dnd_view_block.php?id=210
Waystellar-MegaCo Company
>>>>> "Championing a Worthier World" 

Board of Directors: Dawei Gogunov, Song Turner, Nichola Miller, Fu Bell, Sarah Ito

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
91 MCr	55 MCr	825 MCr

Logo Features: Red hexagon
Major Subdivisions: Metals, Cryogenics, Aeronautics
Owned Subsidiaries: Shvedov-Tan Systems, Outerwatch-DayCorp Ltd., Fujiwara-Liang Productions
History: The company was founded 243 years ago by Samantha Liu. At the time, its main business was gambling, with 28 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to modify a auxiliary polaron signal.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company stole R&D from the police.

Nebula Technologies
>>>>> "We Believe in a Focused Tomorrow" 

Board of Directors: Shen Green, Jianyu Goto, George Fujiwara, Alison Smith, Phoebe Abe

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
320 MCr	127 MCr	724 MCr

Logo Features: Orange square
Major Subdivisions: Livestock, Food
Owned Subsidiaries: Overbeam-SunCorp Works, Nebula Technologies
History: The company was founded 93 years ago by Lucy Young. At the time, its main business was grav vehicles, with 38 employees headquartered in a filthy and flea-infested office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to combine a microscopic particle array.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company embezzled money from a psychic cabal.

Stellar Enterprises
>>>>> "Dreaming of a Longer-lasting Life" 

Board of Directors: Theresa Hao, Rebbecah Collins, Richard Yamasaki, Amelia Wood

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
669 MCr	508 MCr	747 MCr

Logo Features: Grey starship
Major Subdivisions: Software, Astrotech, Aeronautics
Owned Subsidiaries: Warp Prime-UltraCorp Services, Komarov-Koga Union, Microlight Concepts
History: The company was founded 381 years ago by Sharon Young. At the time, its main business was banking, with 6 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to absorb a sonic flux phenomenon.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company embezzled money from a religious organisation.

Kobayashi Pharmaceuticals
>>>>> "We Believe in a Fairer Tomorrow" 

Board of Directors: Thomas Saito, Christine Zaitsev, Zian Bond, Bohai Yamasaki

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
601 MCr	317 MCr	88 MCr

Logo Features: Grey galaxy
Major Subdivisions: Law Enforcement, Astrotech, Drives
Owned Subsidiaries: Arakaki-Abelev Industries, Intergalactic Concepts, Yang-Romasko Company
History: The company was founded 500 years ago by Edgar Kinjo. At the time, its main business was chemicals, with 16 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to focus a inverted particle emission.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company stole R&D from the police.

Outerwide Metallurgy
>>>>> "Architects of Fascinating Galaxy" 

Board of Directors: Li Fu, Xue Saito, Kerry Watanabe

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
568 MCr	774 MCr	169 MCr

Logo Features: Letter "K" in blue
Major Subdivisions: Software, Robotics, Electronics
Owned Subsidiaries: Silver Sun Works, Fang Construction, TransCorp-Terratech Union
History: The company was founded 263 years ago by Sharon Suzuki. At the time, its main business was terraforming, with 20 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to absorb a astrophysical space-time continuum.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a major supporter of a conman.

Outerlight Incorporated
>>>>> "Championing a New Future" 

Board of Directors: Bohai Fujiwara, Jianyu Chapman, Madeleine Davison, Rose Litvak

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
949 MCr	476 MCr	367 MCr

Logo Features: Violet tree
Major Subdivisions: Grav Vehicles, Cybernetics, Cybernetics
Owned Subsidiaries: Overbreak-Trans Sun Alliance, Suzuki Astrotech, Ultrabreak-Panwatch Productions
History: The company was founded 164 years ago by Barbara Tanaka. At the time, its main business was private security, with 8 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to focus a linear pulse capacitor.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company lost a lot of money to a famous entertainer.

Waywide Cybernetics
>>>>> "Architects of Brighter You" 

Board of Directors: Kimberly Summers, Christine Tanaka, Matthew Tanaka

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
687 MCr	243 MCr	980 MCr

Logo Features: Red nymph
Major Subdivisions: Biotech, Computer Systems
Owned Subsidiaries: Northbreak Technologies, New Sun-Sunwide Ltd.
History: The company was founded 408 years ago by Donna Long. At the time, its main business was starship design, with 31 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to monitor a auxiliary alternating phenomenon.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company donated money to a computer AI.

PanCorp Robotics
>>>>> "It's Time for a Longer-lasting World" 

Board of Directors: Madeleine Volokh, Rose Ochi, Peng Zhukov, Stanley Tan, Susan Maeda

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
434 MCr	173 MCr	968 MCr

Logo Features: Ivory ringed planet
Major Subdivisions: Fuel Refining, Shipping, Energies
Owned Subsidiaries: Newwatch Foundation, UltraCo Products
History: The company was founded 155 years ago by Song Tyler. At the time, its main business was starship design, with 44 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to utilise a quantum nano effect.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a major supporter of a religious organisation.

High Prime-Warplight Yards
>>>>> "Designers of a Stronger Life" 

Board of Directors: Christine Saito, Jianyu Abe, Douglas Long, Allan Zhukov, Aiguo Hoyle

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
864 MCr	481 MCr	63 MCr

Logo Features: Blue circle
Major Subdivisions: Energies, Engines
Owned Subsidiaries: Li Pharmaceuticals, Newwide Shipping, Newfarer Productions
History: The company was founded 413 years ago by Yi Oshiro. At the time, its main business was defence, with 48 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to align a quantum frequency interference.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a sworn enemy of a religious organisation.

Terradyne-Daywatch Incorporated
>>>>> "Dedicated to a Cooler Life" 

Board of Directors: Theresa Yamamoto, Quan Du, Shen Watanabe, Shen Lebedev, Russell Song

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
425 MCr	721 MCr	227 MCr

Logo Features: Grey circle
Major Subdivisions: Shipping, Fuel Refining, Livestock
Owned Subsidiaries: WayCo Industries, Silverdyne-Sunwide Union, Transbreak-Daywide Incorporated
History: The company was founded 53 years ago by Aiguo Yutani. At the time, its main business was transport, with 2 employees headquartered in a poorly maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to manipulate a ionic interface continuum.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is under investigation by a eugenics cult.

Andromeda Products
>>>>> "Bringing About a Finer You" 

Board of Directors: Julie Zhukov, Francine Romasko, Chao Romasko, Keeley Price, Yi Green

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
681 MCr	278 MCr	623 MCr

Logo Features: Green hexagon
Major Subdivisions: Biotech, Banking
Owned Subsidiaries: Price Cryogenics, Waybreak Liquor, WarpCorp-Terralight Systems
History: The company was founded 380 years ago by Joan Shvedov. At the time, its main business was drives, with 21 employees headquartered in a poorly maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to decrease a ionic frequency stream.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being sold to a computer AI.

Ultrawatch Energies
>>>>> "It's Time for a New World" 

Board of Directors: Luke Yang, Fa Barker, Basil Davies, Phoebe Fu

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
559 MCr	617 MCr	142 MCr

Logo Features: Letter "G" in charcoal
Major Subdivisions: Psitech, Construction
Owned Subsidiaries: Wang-Abelev Enterprises, Satellite Concepts, Daystellar Law Enforcement
History: The company was founded 38 years ago by Yi Jones. At the time, its main business was shipping, with 43 employees headquartered in a luxurious office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to connect a magnetic interface distortion.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being purchased by an alien race.

Waygraphics Mechanics
>>>>> "Hopes for a Longer-lasting Tomorrow" 

Board of Directors: Deirdre Sato, Aiguo Sikorski, Lewis Han

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
801 MCr	989 MCr	228 MCr

Logo Features: Lavender hexagon
Major Subdivisions: Prisons, Recreational Drugs
Owned Subsidiaries: Narita Psionics, Han Banking, Meteor Yards
History: The company was founded 482 years ago by Sandra Watanabe. At the time, its main business was data, with 6 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to convert a sonic baryon distortion.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a major supporter of a private charity.

Warpwide Banking
>>>>> "Designers of a Cooler Universe" 

Board of Directors: Jianyu Tanaka, Matthew Yamasaki, Catherine Stolypin

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
634 MCr	887 MCr	930 MCr

Logo Features: Letter "L" in white
Major Subdivisions: Gravitics, Biotech
Owned Subsidiaries: Sunlight Grav Vehicles, Daytech Metals, Waylight-High Prime Services
History: The company was founded 484 years ago by Niu Goto. At the time, its main business was planetary mining, with 31 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to balance a phased nano mutation.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is doing research for a psychic cabal.

Terrawatch Services
>>>>> "Championing a Focused You" 

Board of Directors: Samantha Kurnikov, Edmund Tanaka, Douglas Butler, Yuan Ding, Duyi Kobayashi

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
179 MCr	842 MCr	192 MCr

Logo Features: Black circle
Major Subdivisions: Gambling, Art, Xenotech
Owned Subsidiaries: Lei Terraforming, Satellite Industries
History: The company was founded 374 years ago by Edgar Chemerkin. At the time, its main business was psionics, with 5 employees headquartered in a luxurious office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to modify a microscopic data continuum.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company embezzled money from the navy.

Silverbreak Union
>>>>> "Architects of Greater Galaxy" 

Board of Directors: Fa Cui, Quan Maeda, Zian Lei

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
105 MCr	371 MCr	569 MCr

Logo Features: Blue planet
Major Subdivisions: Agriculture, Chemicals, Asteroid Mining
Owned Subsidiaries: Star Yards, Transbeam-TransCo Yards, Sungraphics Incorporated
History: The company was founded 66 years ago by Julie Pond. At the time, its main business was psionics, with 49 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to counteract a rapid system stream.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company stole R&D from a criminal organisation.

Transwide Grav Vehicles
>>>>> "Architects of Magical Universe" 

Board of Directors: Joan Nakamura, Jianyu Hoyle, Duyi Abe

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
61 MCr	580 MCr	1 MCr

Logo Features: Crimson centaur
Major Subdivisions: Data, Computer Hardware, Pharmaceuticals
Owned Subsidiaries: Carter-Saito Lines, Lei-Nikitin Concepts
History: The company was founded 296 years ago by Harold Li. At the time, its main business was pharmaceuticals, with 25 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to amplify a inverted dampening variance.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company has covert links to a computer AI.

Barker-Xing Society
>>>>> "It's Time for a Wonderful Tomorrow" 

Board of Directors: Shen Ortov, Brian Komarov, Sean Yamamoto, John Fu

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
27 MCr	145 MCr	993 MCr

Logo Features: Crimson centaur
Major Subdivisions: Projectile Weapons, Cybernetics
Owned Subsidiaries: Megatech Industries, East Prime Computer Systems
History: The company was founded 21 years ago by Kang Heath. At the time, its main business was energy weapons, with 12 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to concentrate a auxiliary interface distortion.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company lost a lot of money to a eugenics cult.

Constellation Partnership
>>>>> "Hopes for a Focused Galaxy" 

Board of Directors: Kang Liang, Rebbecah Roberts, Hong Arakaki, Rose Price

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
259 MCr	779 MCr	604 MCr

Logo Features: Tan triangle
Major Subdivisions: Genetic Engineering, Computer Hardware, Projectile Weapons
Owned Subsidiaries: Omnitech Drives, Liang Grav Vehicles, Sakamoto-Muraviov Industries
History: The company was founded 433 years ago by Shi Bond. At the time, its main business was robotics, with 37 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to boost a transwarp space-time harmonic.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a sworn enemy of Carter-Lei Industries.

Ortov-Takahashi Systems
>>>>> "Bringing you a Cooler Tomorrow" 

Board of Directors: Donna Cook, Aiguo Ito, Alfred Wilson, Sandra Huang

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
395 MCr	732 MCr	192 MCr

Logo Features: Letter "T" in amber
Major Subdivisions: Grav Vehicles, Pharmaceuticals
Owned Subsidiaries: Frontier Yards, Intergalactic Union, Nikitin-Abelev Incorporated
History: The company was founded 200 years ago by Niu Kikuchi. At the time, its main business was private security, with 48 employees headquartered in a ramshackle office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to induct a inverted pulse configuration.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is under investigation by a eugenics cult.

Silverfarer-Overwide Group
>>>>> "Architects of New Universe" 

Board of Directors: Shen Muraviov, Oliver Tanaka, Dawei Endo, Edgar Abe

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
606 MCr	542 MCr	408 MCr

Logo Features: Brown hexagon
Major Subdivisions: Mechanics, Gravitics, Chemicals
Owned Subsidiaries: Daygraphics-Warpfarer Products, Nikitin Fuel Refining
History: The company was founded 414 years ago by Yuan Kinjo. At the time, its main business was aeronautics, with 13 employees headquartered in an expensive office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to induce a sonic baryon distortion.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a sworn enemy of a famous entertainer.

Terrawide Gambling
>>>>> "Preparing for a Worthier Universe" 

Board of Directors: Henry Sakamoto, Albert Mekhdiev, Donna Moore, Margaret Litvak

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
422 MCr	385 MCr	616 MCr

Logo Features: Letter "B" in indigo
Major Subdivisions: News, Banking, Energies
Owned Subsidiaries: Newlight-Southdyne Ltd., Constellation Works, Silverfarer-UltraCo Syndicate
History: The company was founded 394 years ago by Philip Summers. At the time, its main business was drives, with 44 employees headquartered in a luxurious office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to invert a inverted wavefront mutation.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a cover for an alien race.

EastCo-Megawatch Systems
>>>>> "Bringing About a Finer Future" 

Board of Directors: Song Maeda, Andrew Song, Ian Wu

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
41 MCr	596 MCr	4 MCr

Logo Features: Red tree
Major Subdivisions: Construction, Biotech
Owned Subsidiaries: Tanaka Metals, Warpbeam Robotics, Huang Xenotech
History: The company was founded 73 years ago by Niu Koga. At the time, its main business was maltech, with 13 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to induce a inverted wavefront harmonic.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a major supporter of a private charity.

Warp Prime Merchants
>>>>> "Preparing for a Superior Universe" 

Board of Directors: Rachel Li, Douglas Abelev, Ru Du, Alfred Barker

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
463 MCr	747 MCr	578 MCr

Logo Features: Amber rocket
Major Subdivisions: Shipyards, Cryogenics
Owned Subsidiaries: Brown-Thatcher Merchants, Litvak Gravitics, Sunwide Construction
History: The company was founded 79 years ago by Bohai Nikitin. At the time, its main business was metallurgy, with 10 employees headquartered in a dirty and poor office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to pressurise a nucleonic polaron harmonic.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company has covert links to the navy.

Kikuchi Holography
>>>>> "You Deserve a Varied Life" 

Board of Directors: Allan Kavelin, Shen Kurnikov, Catherine Brown, Aiguo Lebedev, Kevin Gray

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
899 MCr	469 MCr	870 MCr

Logo Features: Blue rocket
Major Subdivisions: Colonization, Psitech, Psitech
Owned Subsidiaries: Satellite Concepts, Over Sun-Silver Sun Systems, Newfarer-Terratech Lines
History: The company was founded 499 years ago by Shi Tyler. At the time, its main business was projectile weapons, with 41 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to focus a assymetrical gravimetric interference.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is under investigation by a religious organisation.

Solar Wind Ltd.
>>>>> "You Deserve a Varied You" 

Board of Directors: Martha Gogunov, Amelia Zhang, Shi Carter, Allan Wu

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
627 MCr	98 MCr	926 MCr

Logo Features: Indigo square
Major Subdivisions: Computer Hardware, Drives, Energies
Owned Subsidiaries: Summers Shipping, Overstellar Maltech, Microwatch Alliance
History: The company was founded 143 years ago by Edith Butler. At the time, its main business was plastics, with 7 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to assimilate a ionic alternating emission.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is doing research for an alien race.

Arakaki-White Incorporated
>>>>> "Dreaming of a Wonderful Life" 

Board of Directors: Henry Chen, Shen Wood, Roger Wang, Martha Gogunov

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
512 MCr	533 MCr	672 MCr

Logo Features: Amber triangle
Major Subdivisions: Food, Xenotech
Owned Subsidiaries: MicroCorp-Highlight Lines, Megagraphics Asteroid Mining, Summers Drives
History: The company was founded 35 years ago by Shen Arakaki. At the time, its main business was food, with 8 employees headquartered in a serviceable office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to induce a nucleonic polaron discriminator.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company embezzled money from the navy.

Constellation Technologies
>>>>> "You Deserve a Varied You" 

Board of Directors: Henry Iltchenko, Yi Collins, Alison Lei

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
559 MCr	593 MCr	246 MCr

Logo Features: Yellow shooting star
Major Subdivisions: Biotech, Law Enforcement, Psitech
Owned Subsidiaries: Waytech Concepts, Warpgraphics Projectile Weapons
History: The company was founded 18 years ago by Matthew Shvedov. At the time, its main business was telcoms, with 38 employees headquartered in an expensive office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to absorb a verteron artificial banks.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is secretly controlled by a criminal organisation.

Stolypin-Kavelin Group
>>>>> "It's Time for a Varied World" 

Board of Directors: Rebbecah Maeda, James Watson, Christopher Barker, Dawei Tang

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
593 MCr	625 MCr	653 MCr

Logo Features: Burgundy galaxy
Major Subdivisions: Telcoms, Gambling, Colonization
Owned Subsidiaries: Waylight Union, Warpwatch-Transwide Works
History: The company was founded 129 years ago by Yuan Tanaka. At the time, its main business was metals, with 23 employees headquartered in an expensive office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to assimilate a inverted flux harmonic.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company embezzled money from the police.

MegaCo Union
>>>>> "Creating a Wonderful Galaxy" 

Board of Directors: Kevin Yamasaki, Andrew Yamamoto, Joan Yutani, Pearce Green

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
336 MCr	666 MCr	812 MCr

Logo Features: Tan octogon
Major Subdivisions: Psitech, Metals, Recreational Drugs
Owned Subsidiaries: Comet Ltd., Wood-Han Productions
History: The company was founded 163 years ago by Christopher Davison. At the time, its main business was planetary mining, with 15 employees headquartered in a dirty and poor office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to correlate a transwarp neutrino field.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company has covert links to an alien race.

Frontier Lines
>>>>> "Dedicated to a Better Future" 

Board of Directors: James Tyler, Kimberly Harris, Amelia Lei, Rebbecah Iltchenko, Kang Saito

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
165 MCr	331 MCr	743 MCr

Logo Features: Indigo star
Major Subdivisions: Cryogenics, Chemicals
Owned Subsidiaries: Suzuki-Oshiro Services, Lunar Merchants
History: The company was founded 348 years ago by Kang Korovin. At the time, its main business was shields, with 15 employees headquartered in a poorly maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to correlate a anomalous data harmonic.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being sold to the intelligence services.

Highlight-Panbreak Group
>>>>> "Dare to Dream of a Magical Future" 

Board of Directors: Song Litvak, Zian Chemerkin, Hong Gray, Emily Roberts

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
537 MCr	211 MCr	320 MCr

Logo Features: Purple hexagon
Major Subdivisions: Terraforming, Aeronautics
Owned Subsidiaries: Warpbeam Projectile Weapons, Southstellar-Newbeam Group
History: The company was founded 155 years ago by David Long. At the time, its main business was cryogenics, with 18 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to pressurise a transwarp alternating interference.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is a sworn enemy of a criminal organisation.

Litvak Psitech
>>>>> "Dedicated to a Wonderful World" 

Board of Directors: Quan Bell, Joan Gogunov, Jane Maeda, Christine Saito

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
22 MCr	582 MCr	859 MCr

Logo Features: Amber comet
Major Subdivisions: Grav Vehicles, Pharmaceuticals, Entertainment
Owned Subsidiaries: New Prime Lines, Chemerkin-Yang Products
History: The company was founded 314 years ago by George Yamasaki. At the time, its main business was xenotech, with 39 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to integrate a atmospheric gravimetric configuration.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company donated money to a religious organisation.

Gurov Exploration
>>>>> "Architects of Worthier World" 

Board of Directors: Madeleine Shvedov, Nicholas Wu, Roger Chemerkin, Barbara Komatsu

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
576 MCr	261 MCr	112 MCr

Logo Features: Ivory robot
Major Subdivisions: Entertainment, Defence, Shields
Owned Subsidiaries: Zaitsev-Sato Association, Nebula Union, Komarov-Yamamoto Systems
History: The company was founded 440 years ago by Li Cao. At the time, its main business was colonization, with 1 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to manipulate a anomalous wavefront controller.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being sold to a conman.

Silverwatch-Omnilight Foundation
>>>>> "Safeguarding a Greater World" 

Board of Directors: Joan Shvedov, Peng Bai, Harold Chemerkin, Duyi Watanabe, Sharon Liang

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
528 MCr	907 MCr	999 MCr

Logo Features: Yellow meteor
Major Subdivisions: News, Xenotech, Colonization
Owned Subsidiaries: Fang Private Security, Solar Enterprises
History: The company was founded 458 years ago by Rachel Yamasaki. At the time, its main business was xenotech, with 11 employees headquartered in a luxurious office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to distort a auxiliary nadion emission.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company stole R&D from a conman.

Sunstellar Cryogenics
>>>>> "Dreaming of a Safer Universe" 

Board of Directors: Phoebe Ding, Martha Yamamoto, Xue Watson

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
797 MCr	113 MCr	750 MCr

Logo Features: Purple star
Major Subdivisions: Asteroid Mining, Terraforming, Pharmaceuticals
Owned Subsidiaries: Nikitin Planetary Mining, Overwatch-Silverwatch Ltd.
History: The company was founded 86 years ago by Kang Maeda. At the time, its main business was heavy weapons, with 19 employees headquartered in a well-maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to optimise a photonic data variance.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being purchased by the navy.

Terra Sun Maltech
>>>>> "Dreaming of a Fascinating Future" 

Board of Directors: Song Moore, Pearce Peshkov, Alison Sikorski

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
988 MCr	529 MCr	174 MCr

Logo Features: Blue square
Major Subdivisions: Asteroid Mining, Transport
Owned Subsidiaries: Peshkov Grav Vehicles, Kinjo-Yutani Productions
History: The company was founded 318 years ago by Shen Ding. At the time, its main business was shields, with 17 employees headquartered in a dirty and poor office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to connect a nucleonic subspace invariance.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company has covert links to the navy.

Omniwide-Overwide Industries
>>>>> "Championing a Brighter Universe" 

Board of Directors: Joan Liang, Kang Sikorski, Mark Yamasaki, Allan Young

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
28 MCr	623 MCr	649 MCr

Logo Features: Blue eagle
Major Subdivisions: Construction, Cybernetics
Owned Subsidiaries: Omnilight-Ultrafarer Alliance, New Sun-WarpCorp Merchants
History: The company was founded 250 years ago by Catherine Thatcher. At the time, its main business was engines, with 27 employees headquartered in a poorly maintained office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to harmonise a temporal system distortion.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being sold to an alien race.

Daystellar Society
>>>>> "Dreaming of a Varied Life" 

Board of Directors: Daniel Gray, Aiguo Komatsu, Quan Zaitsev

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
350 MCr	83 MCr	491 MCr

Logo Features: Amber square
Major Subdivisions: Energies, Transport, Animation
Owned Subsidiaries: Komatsu Construction, Micrographics Industries
History: The company was founded 485 years ago by Sharon Iltchenko. At the time, its main business was fuel refining, with 3 employees headquartered in a luxurious office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to extend a phased interface relay.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company is being sold to a conman.

Sunstellar Grav Vehicles
>>>>> "We Believe in a Brighter Future" 

Board of Directors: Susan Arakaki, Daniel Arakaki, Donna Hoyle, Donna Mekhdiev

Cash	Assets	Liabilities
475 MCr	716 MCr	283 MCr

Logo Features: Grey square
Major Subdivisions: Holography, Psionics
Owned Subsidiaries: Highgraphics Psitech, Sato-Tang Yards, Warpdyne Construction
History: The company was founded 199 years ago by Basil Baker. At the time, its main business was terraforming, with 41 employees headquartered in an upper class office. The company's first main breakthrough was figuring out a method to agitate a anomalous tetryon capacitor.
Notes: There is a rumor that the company has signed a recent contract with a eugenics cult.

http://donjon.bin.sh/scifi/name/#type=cyberpunk;cyberpunk=Zaibatsu
AD Amalgamated
Yun-Hoshi Consolidated
Yang Unlimited
Mitsu-Hike Global
Picodat Unlimited
UD Multinational
TNW Unlimited
PTC Global
WCW Global
Sayeva-Kawa GmbH
Prilink GmbH
Niniky Amalgamated
Su Amalgamated
Sovicha-Vicherna Corporation
Rhyne Consolidated
Encrys GmbH
cenSec Global
Albach-Raschke Global
Siint Amalgamated
Simril Amalgamated
hyNet Corporation
HyProc Global
Vanlith Multinational
Sevenski-Steward Corporation
OU GmbH
Mova GmbH
Naki-Assan Corporation
RWI GmbH
Chiu-Sugai Consolidated
Prova-Shashi Consolidated